Acr.WindowsForms.Controls/README.md, before:

﻿# AcrControls - Custom WinForms Controls

**AcrControls** is a lightweight library of customizable Windows Forms controls built for modern .NET applications.

Developed by **Arthur Cabral**, this package aims to improve user experience and developer productivity

## Features


    Customizable `TextBox` ->
    - Enter / Leave events change the color of background
    - Easy tab navigation with Enter key 
    - Select all text on focus
    - Validate as date dd/MM/yyyy

    Label Helper ->
    - Allows you to add a label that can be used as a helper text for other controls 
    - The label is positioned below the control
    - Can be used with any control
    - Is used like this: LabelHelper.CreateLabel(control, "Required field", MessageType.Warning)

    Notification Helper ->
    - Is a notification message that can be used to display messages to the user
    - Shows on the bottom right corner of the screen
    - Can be used to display success, error, warning or information messages
    - Is used like this: NotificationHelper.Show("Message", NotificationType.Success)

Commit message:

feat: Title Label on TextBox / refact: LabelHelper returns Label

Acr.WindowsForms.Controls/README.md, after:

﻿# AcrControls - Custom WinForms Controls

**AcrControls** is a lightweight library of customizable Windows Forms controls built for modern .NET applications.

Developed by **Arthur Cabral**, this package aims to improve user experience and developer productivity

## Features


    Customizable `TextBox` ->
    - Enter / Leave events change the color of background
    - Easy tab navigation with Enter key 
    - Select all text on focus
    - Validate as date dd/MM/yyyy
    - Label title on top    

    Label Helper ->
    - Allows you to add a label that can be used as a helper text for other controls 
    - The label can be positioned below or on top of the control
    - Can be used with any control
    - Is used like this: LabelHelper.CreateLabel(control, "Required field", MessageType.Warning)

    Notification Helper ->
    - Is a notification message that can be used to display messages to the user
    - Shows on the bottom right corner of the screen
    - Can be used to display success, error, warning or information messages
    - Is used like this: NotificationHelper.Show("Message", NotificationType.Success)
